<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm GODOE PHILIP (11348909)</h1>
<h3 align="center">Introduction: A passioThe establishment of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Ghana, Legon, marks a pivotal moment in the institution's commitment to advancing education and research in the rapidly evolving field of computer science. With the digital landscape continuously shaping the global paradigm, the creation of this department reflects the University's foresight in preparing students to excel in an era where technology is integral to virtually every aspect of society. Purpose: The primary purpose of founding the Department of Computer Science at the University of Ghana, Legon, is to meet the escalating demand for skilled professionals in the field of computer science and information technology.</h3>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **1. Open a terminal or command prompt on your computer. 2. Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the project. 3. Use the "git clone" command followed by the URL of the project's repository. For example: git clone https://github.com/username/project.git Replace "username" with the actual username and "project" with the name of the project. 4. Once the cloning process is complete, navigate into the project's directory using the "cd" command. For example: cd project Replace "project" with the actual name of the project. 5. If the project has any specific setup instructions, such as installing dependencies or configuring environment variables, refer to the project's documentation or README file. Follow those instructions to set up the project accordingly. 6. After completing the necessary setup steps, you should be ready to work with the cloned project.**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
</p>
